Oh bloke what do you say is it gonna
start she has been a while so you've
been sitting back here all buried tires
losing air yeah well too bad I can't
start that because I never fixed the
starter motor so a star would are still
sitting in the shop oh well it's got a
little glace you're going just like
everything else all righty
do you want to do your first starting
video there bloke yeah you know you got
to get all excited and do some pumping
and all that doesn't pump in yeah yeah
it's called pump äj--
I'm confident it's not going to stop
watch probably froze happening no ass
protection required you're all set have
you got power yeah oh yeah yeah give her
a whirl is it wiggled apart
try again let's see if the hub brake the
headlights are maybe the batteries are
real oh yeah turn the headlights on oh
yeah they're done yeah battery's pretty
dim oh well clean the hood off we'll get
another battery
well here comes that madman anyways we
get a fresh battery let's see what's
going to happen I guess I'll have to do
it now bloke since you couldn't do it
yeah I know maybe the plug other plugs
is following up okay
your redline of your time
does he look like a farmtruck it's got
such a nice interior sure is